Improve Upload OnSelect and OnSuccess docs (#386)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/upload/events.md

The `OnSelect` event fires every time the user selects new files for upload. The event arguments provide the list of newly selected files.

> You can cancel the event based on a condition (e.g. some information about the selected files), so that those files will not be populated in the Upload component.

Reviewer: These abbreviations are discouraged in the style guide https://testdocs.telerik.com/style-guide/using-simple-non-ambiguous-language

> You can cancel the event based on a condition (e.g. some information about the selected files), so that those files will not be populated in the Upload component.

Author: ```suggestion
You can cancel the event based on a condition (for example, some information about the selected files), so that those files will not be populated in the Upload component.
```

@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/general-info.md#event-callback-can-be-async)

## OnSuccess

> The `OnSuccess` event fires each time a particular request is successful - either an upload of a file, or the deletion of a file. The event arguments provide the file that was uploaded or deleted, and the type of the operation. The `Request` object in the event arguments also carries information about the server response - such as a status code and any custom messages the server returned. For example, this response can be used to obtain a URL string from the endpoint and show a preview of an uploaded image.

Reviewer: I'd personally mention this when we have a real solution for it - either through a FileSelect component, or a sample project to link.

Author: This makes sense, but this information was already present, and also, people are asking for it, so I guess it better stays.
